---
title: Members
---
**Blagoy Blagoev** is Professor of Organization at Technische Universität Dresden. His research draws on a temporal lens to examine the interplay of organizations and society in the context of current technological, ecological, and cultural changes. His main research interests include organizational change, business sustainability, emerging technologies, and new forms of working and organizing. He has published in journals such as Administrative Science Quarterly, Academy of Management Journal, Journal of Management Studies, Organization Studies, Organization, and Scandinavian Journal of Management.

**Anja Danner-Schröder** is a Juniorprofessor for Management Studies at the TU Kaiserslautern. She received her PhD from the University of Hamburg. Her current research focuses on organizational routines and temporality. In particular, she is interested in how actors can perform routines at different paces, how routines set temporal boundaries between routines and in how temporal frames influence routine performances. Her research has been published in journals such as Administrative Science Quarterly, Organization Science, Organization Studies, Journal of Management Inquiry and Research in the Sociology of Organizations.

**Johanne Düsterbeck** is a doctoral researcher at the Leuphana University Lüneburg at the Chair of Strategic Management. Her research focuses on complex innovation processes and how they are shaped by organizational actors’ temporal work. Johanne is engaged in a sixteen-month long field study and observes the development of disruptive innovation in a large corporation in the chemical industry.

**Jonathan Feddersen** is a Postdoctoral fellow at the Centre for Organization and Time and the Department of Organization at Copenhagen Business School, Denmark. His work focuses on the temporality, spatiality and materiality of organizing processes, mostly in the context of sustainable innovation. Jonathan engages in the development of novel event-based methods for the temporal analysis of organizational phenomena. Jonathan's research has been published in Organization Studies, received the 2019 Andreas Al-Laham Best Paper Award and was nominated for the 2022 Grigor McClelland Dissertation Award.

**Miriam Feuls** is an Assistant Professor at the Department of Organization and Co-Director of the Centre for Organization and Time at Copenhagen Business School. She holds a Dr. Phil. from the University of the Arts Berlin. Her research draws on insights from organization studies, process research, and cultural and social sciences to advance understanding of the role of time in organizing and innovating. Empirically, she is engaged in the study of time and temporality in creativity and innovation, social innovation, and innovation for a green and sustainable future. She has published her work in outlets such as Work, Employment & Society, New Media & Society, Creativity and Innovation Management Journal, The Journal of Creative Behavior, and Qualitative Research in Organizations and Management amongst others.

**Johann Fortwengel** is a Reader in International Management at King’s College London. He has a PhD (Dr. rer. pol.) from Freie Universität Berlin. One of Johann’s research interests revolves around the management of strategic change and innovation, for example, how organizations can break with the past, engage in both exploiting existing capabilities while exploring new ideas, and how they can organize creativity. Johann has published in outlets suchas the Journal of International Business Studies, Organization Science, and Strategic Organization. He serves as an Associate Editor of the Journal of Management Studies.

**Ali Aslan Gümüsay** is professor for “Innovation, Entrepreneurship & Sustainability” at LMU Munich. He is also head of the research group “Innovation, Entrepreneurship & Society” at the Humboldt Institute for Internet & Society Berlin. His work focuses on (1) values, meaning, and hybridity in entrepreneurship, (2) grand challenges, sustainability and new forms of organizing, (3) digitalization, management and innovation as well as (4) impact, scholarship and futures. He received his doctorate from the University of Oxford. Before his DPhil, he was a consultant at Boston Consulting Group. Currently, he is a Visiting Research Fellow at Judge Business School, University of Cambridge.

**Franziska Günzel-Jensen** is an Associate Professor for Entrepreneurship and Vice-Head of the section at the Department of Management at Aarhus University (Denmark). Her research focuses on how entrepreneurs can contribute to solving grand challenges and crises through innovation and partnerships. Furthermore, she is a well-recognized expert in experiential entrepreneurship and innovation education.

**Julia Grimm** is an Assistant Professor in Management, Organisation and Society at Stockholm University. Before joining SU, Julia has been working at the VU Amsterdam, Cambridge University and the University of Zuerich, amongst others. Her research focuses on collaborative governance among multiple stakeholders in global supply chains to foster sustainability transitions. She uses primarily a process lens to better understand how actors within organisations make sense of grand societal challenges in the past and future, and how innovative sustainability disruption can occur. Julia’s work has been awarded the Best Book Award 2020 by the Academy of Management’s SIM Division and the Wolfgang- Ritter Award 2021 and is currently in the review process at Administrative Science Quarterly and the Academy of Management Journal amongst others.

**Stefanie Habersang** is an Assistant Professor  at Leuphana University of Lüneburg. Her research lies at the intersection of organizational change, digital innovation, and strategy research. In her latest research projects, Stefanie uses a temporal lens to investigate complex digital innovation processes in the fast-moving consumer goods industry and the chemical industry. Her research has been published in the Journal of Management Studies and was nominated for and received multiple awards at the AOM and EGOS.

**Yanis Hamdali** is a doctoral candidate at the Chair of International Management at the Europa- Universität Viadrina, Frankfurt Oder. Yanis addresses temporal aspects of innovation and the temporal construction of futures as well as crises. He engages in conceptual and empirical qualitative research on these topics through a practice- and process-based perspective. His research on the timing of innovations has been awarded the Strategy-Practice Interest Group’s Best PhD paper award in 2022.

**Lisa Harborth** is a doctoral student at the University of Hamburg. Her PhD project evolves on the intersection of temporality, processes, and crises, specifically questioning how organizing can unfold during long-lasting crises, requiring continuous innovation and adaptation whilst contributing to a disruption of organizational becoming.

**Patricia Helena Hein** is an Assistant Professor of Sustainability at the Ivey Business School. Her research focuses on the interplay of organizations and society.Specifically, Patricia explores how organizations may perpetuate pressing societal issues – such as inequality or climate change – but also how they can bring about societal change. In addition, she focuses on sustainable finance and impact investing. Prior to pursuing an academic career, Patricia worked in asset management for more than a decade.

**Waldemar Kremser** is Head of the Institute of Strategic Management at Johannes Kepler University Linz in Austria. He did his doctoral studies at the Pfadkolleg Research Center at Freie Universtität Berlin from which he graduated summa cum laude. In his dissertation research, for which he was awarded the prestigious Ernst Reuter Prize, he explored the emergence of path dependencies in the evolution of routine clusters, an important challenge to the successful management of disruptive innovations. He also did extensive research on temporality with a special focus on the temporality in and of organizational routines. His work has been published in Administrative Science Quarterly, MIS Quarterly, Organization Science, Organization Theory, and Research on the Sociology of Organizations, amongst others.

**Christian A. Mahringer** is a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Stuttgart and project leader at the Heidelberg Academy of Sciences and Humanities. He has completed his dissertation on organizational routines in 2019 with summa cum laude. His research uses a practice and process-based approach to examine change and innovation in high-tech settings. For instance, he examined how actors use the temporal structure of the agile framework ‘Scrum’ to collectively take actions that lead to an innovative software tool. His research has been published in renowned journals, such as Organization Theory and the Journal of Accounting and Organizational Change.

**Alica Repenning** is a doctoral researcher at the Leibniz-Institute for Research on Society and Space (IRS) in the department of economy and civil society as well as affiliated at the Humboldt University Berlin in the department of economic geography. Her dissertation explores the time-space conflicts of platform-mediated work. Therefore, her research interests evolve around topics of temporality and spatiality in the working spaces partly comprised, controlled, and structured by the disruptive and innovative features of the platform economy.

**Philip Roth** is a postdoctoral researcher at the TH Köln at the Chair of Digitality and Social Transformation. Before, he was a research assistant at the RWTH Aachen University and the Fraunhofer Institute for System- and Innovation Research in Karlsruhe. He investigates the formation and innovation impact of social networks in and between organizations. In his work, he untangles how temporal everyday structures and resources fundamentally influence the formation of social relationships and explores the dynamic evolution of social networks in innovation processes over time.

**Katharina Scheidgen** is Assistant Professor for Entrepreneurship and Innovation at Georg-August-University Göttingen, and was Affiliated Researcher at Lund University, Sweden. Her current work takes a process perspective to understand the temporary nature of particular resourcing environments for innovation through entrepreneurship. She has received numerous awards, such as the Carolyn Dexter Award, the Best International Paper Award at AOM, and Best Paper Award at the RENT conference. Further, her work is published in international journals, such as Entrepreneurship Theory & Practice, Journal of Business Venturing Insights, and Entrepreneurship and Regional Development.

**Lorenzo Skade** is a doctoral student and Research Associate at the Chair of Management and Organization at the European University Viadrina in Frankfurt (Oder), Germany. He studies the topics of time and temporality, particularly in innovation contexts, e.g., corporate accelerators and incubators. He is especially interested in various qualitative methods such as ethnographic case studies in order to explore such contexts. He has published his work on accelerators in internationally renowned journals, such as the Research in the Sociology of Organizations.

**Sarah Stanske** is a postdoctoral researcher at the Leuphana University in Lüneburg at the Chair of Organization Studies. Before, she was a doctoral researcher at the European University Viadrina in Frankfurt Oder, from which she graduated with summa cum laude. Her research interests are innovation processes within and around organizations with a particular focus on time and temporality and organizational identity. With her research on organizing innovation, she was invited to the renowned Lindau Nobel Laureate Meeting and received the Leuphana best paper prize. She has published her work in internationally renowned journals, such as the Strategic Management Journal, Strategic Organization, Research in the Sociology of Organizations, and the Harvard Business Review.